README.md, before:

## Settings for Sublime Text 3

My settings, plugins and themes for Sublime Text. Copy, edit or overwrite desired files to your to `Packages/User/`.

All files are symlinked to my Sublime Text Application Support folder, so settings are always up to date.

![Screenshot](https://rolle.wtf/sublime-settings-screenshot-spacegray.png "Screenshot")
Spacegray / Flatland-Monokai

![Screenshot](https://rolle.wtf/sublime-settings-screenshot.png "Screenshot")
itg.flat-Flatland Monokai

### Installation

1. [Download and unzip](https://github.com/ronilaukkarinen/sublime-settings/archive/master.zip)
2. [Download Hack font and install it](http://sourcefoundry.org/hack/)
3. Preferences > Browse Packages
4. Go to `User` directory and copy the files over
5. Restart Sublime Text

### Font choices for code

Bolded have been in use for me personally.

- [Courier Prime](https://quoteunquoteapps.com/courierprime/)
- [Courier Primal](https://github.com/localredhead/courier-primal)
- [Input](http://input.fontbureau.com/)
- **[Hack](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Hack)**
- [Anonymous Pro](https://www.marksimonson.com/fonts/view/anonymous-pro)
- **[Source Code Pro](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-code-pro/releases)**
- [Inconsolata](https://github.com/google/fonts/tree/master/ofl/inconsolata)
- [mononoki](https://madmalik.github.io/mononoki/)
- **[Consolas](https://www.microsoft.com/typography/fonts/font.aspx?FMID=1252)**
- [Fira Code](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode)

#### Currently active packages

```` shell
rolle at bliss in ~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 3/Installed Packages  
$ ls -1
0_package_control_loader.sublime-package
Accessibility.sublime-package
Alignment.sublime-package
All Autocomplete.sublime-package
BracketHighlighter.sublime-package
CSS3.sublime-package
ChannelRepositoryTools.sublime-package
Clickable URLs.sublime-package
CodeStats.sublime-package
Codeivate.sublime-package
Color Highlighter.sublime-package
Colour Complete.sublime-package
Generic Config.sublime-package
GitGutter.sublime-package
GitHub Flavored Markdown Preview.sublime-package
Gitignored File Excluder.sublime-package
JavaScriptNext - ES6 Syntax.sublime-package
Javascript Beautify.sublime-package
LoremIpsum.sublime-package
MarkdownEditing.sublime-package
Monokai Extended.sublime-package
Package Control.sublime-package
Phpcs.sublime-package
ProjectManager.sublime-package
PyV8
QuickGotoAnything.sublime-package
SCSS Expander.sublime-package
SCSS Snippets.sublime-package
SCSS.sublime-package
Simple Print Function.sublime-package
Status Bar File Size.sublime-package
SublimeLinter-contrib-scss-lint.sublime-package
SublimeLinter-contrib-sublime-syntax.sublime-package
SublimeLinter-html-tidy.sublime-package
SublimeLinter-jshint.sublime-package
Super Calculator.sublime-package
Text Pastry.sublime-package
Theme - Spacegray.sublime-package
Theme - itg.flat.sublime-package
nginx.sublime-package
````

#### Mods

- [Add path to current file in status bar](https://forum.sublimetext.com/t/add-path-to-current-file-in-status-bar/530)

Commit message:

Add more fonts to list, improve indentation hotkeys

README.md, after:

## Settings for Sublime Text 3

My settings, plugins and themes for Sublime Text. Copy, edit or overwrite desired files to your to `Packages/User/`.

All files are symlinked to my Sublime Text Application Support folder, so settings are always up to date.

![Screenshot](https://rolle.wtf/sublime-settings-screenshot-spacegray.png "Screenshot")
Spacegray / Flatland-Monokai

![Screenshot](https://rolle.wtf/sublime-settings-screenshot.png "Screenshot")
itg.flat-Flatland Monokai

### Installation

1. [Download and unzip](https://github.com/ronilaukkarinen/sublime-settings/archive/master.zip)
2. [Download Hack font and install it](http://sourcefoundry.org/hack/)
3. Preferences > Browse Packages
4. Go to `User` directory and copy the files over
5. Restart Sublime Text

### Font choices for code

Bolded have been in use for me personally. Use [s9w's tool](http://s9w.github.io/font_compare/) for comparing fonts.

- [Courier Prime](https://quoteunquoteapps.com/courierprime/)
- [Courier Primal](https://github.com/localredhead/courier-primal)
- [Input](http://input.fontbureau.com/)
- **[Hack](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Hack)**
- [Anonymous Pro](https://www.marksimonson.com/fonts/view/anonymous-pro)
- **[Source Code Pro](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-code-pro/releases)**
- [Inconsolata](https://github.com/google/fonts/tree/master/ofl/inconsolata)
- [mononoki](https://madmalik.github.io/mononoki/)
- **[Consolas](https://www.microsoft.com/typography/fonts/font.aspx?FMID=1252)**
- [Fira Code](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode)
- [Hasklig](https://github.com/i-tu/Hasklig/)
- [Roboto Mono](https://github.com/google/fonts/tree/master/apache/robotomono)
- [Droid Sans Mono](https://github.com/AlbertoDorado/droid-sans-mono-zeromod)

#### Currently active packages

```` shell
rolle at bliss in ~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 3/Installed Packages  
$ ls -1
0_package_control_loader.sublime-package
Accessibility.sublime-package
Alignment.sublime-package
All Autocomplete.sublime-package
BracketHighlighter.sublime-package
CSS3.sublime-package
ChannelRepositoryTools.sublime-package
Clickable URLs.sublime-package
CodeStats.sublime-package
Codeivate.sublime-package
Color Highlighter.sublime-package
Colour Complete.sublime-package
Generic Config.sublime-package
GitGutter.sublime-package
GitHub Flavored Markdown Preview.sublime-package
Gitignored File Excluder.sublime-package
JavaScriptNext - ES6 Syntax.sublime-package
Javascript Beautify.sublime-package
LoremIpsum.sublime-package
MarkdownEditing.sublime-package
Monokai Extended.sublime-package
Package Control.sublime-package
Phpcs.sublime-package
ProjectManager.sublime-package
PyV8
QuickGotoAnything.sublime-package
SCSS Expander.sublime-package
SCSS Snippets.sublime-package
SCSS.sublime-package
Simple Print Function.sublime-package
Status Bar File Size.sublime-package
SublimeLinter-contrib-scss-lint.sublime-package
SublimeLinter-contrib-sublime-syntax.sublime-package
SublimeLinter-html-tidy.sublime-package
SublimeLinter-jshint.sublime-package
Super Calculator.sublime-package
Text Pastry.sublime-package
Theme - Spacegray.sublime-package
Theme - itg.flat.sublime-package
nginx.sublime-package
````

#### Mods

- [Add path to current file in status bar](https://forum.sublimetext.com/t/add-path-to-current-file-in-status-bar/530)
